From an academic perspective, our project is about verifying the knowledge and skills gained through coursework and coop during our time here at UC. Specifically, an application of programming knowledge, teamwork, development processes, etc. For programming knowledge, how well we are able to code our project in terms of efficiency, readability. For teamwork, how well we communicate, get along, and are able to collaborate and discuss our project/ For development, how well we are able to do the previous to, alongside a timeline. How well we achieve these will give a reflection of what all we learned academically in our time here.

There are several courses I have taken at UC that will help guide this project. The first class that plays a role into knowledge needed to complete our project is CS 4092, Database Design. The course gave me a basic understanding database structure and queries, which will be integral to our project. Another course would be EECE 3093C, Software Engineering. The course gave me real sense of how to work on Software projects with classmates and how to plan around deadlines. It also gave me experience programming mobile applications, which will also be of use in creating this application for Senior Design.

My coop experiences were all at Siemens PLM Software, where I worked in the Product Validation Team. The main skill I gained was being able to locate bugs and verify the product worked as intended. This will be of help towards the end of Senior Design when trying to make sure our project is working as intended. Another set of skills gained was dealing with AGILE development, which used User Stories and sprints, which will aid in planning for this project. 

My biggest motivation for the project is to showcase that I did indeed learn things relevant to my degree during my time at UC. What has me excited though is that the project is an application I could see myself using, which makes me care more to work on it, than if it was just research that I wouldn’t really care about after the project was finished. I’m also excited to see what skills I’m going to end up learning during the course of this project. The preliminary approach involves two main steps. The first is to develop a basic desktop application that can store, in an organized fashion, the input revived. The second it to create a better front end and get it to work on mobile devices. 

The expected results are the following. First, the application will be able to store the user input, and it the user will be able to verify the input indeed was saved. The second result would be that the user is able to search through their inputs whenever they desire to. The way this will be evaluated is as follows. The first step would be manually test and verify the expected results. The second, if a good job is done, is if the application is intuitive to use, and from a UI perspective looks good. 
