My senior design project is a personal inventory management application.  It will consist of a phone application and a website.  Both the website and application will have the same functionality.  The project will use a database to keep a log of all of your items, in case of theft or just for general tracking.  The data will be automatically generated or added through manual entry and will be easily organizable and searchable.  This automatically generated data may come through image recognition and/or machine learning.  

A part of my collective college experience is my college curriculum.  This curriculum has branched into many different computer science fields.  One applicable course to my senior project is CS 4092 Database Design, which will be used when creating the structure that will store items.  Another course that covered material that will be integral to this senior design project is CS 2028 Data Structures.  The last course that pops to mind when thinking of courses that are applicable to this project is CS 4071 Design & Analysis of Algorithms, due to all the organization and sorting that will need to be done.  These classes were very helpful in giving me and my group the knowledge needed to complete this project.

An even larger part of my collective college experience was my co-op experience.  For my co-op rotations I have worked for Siemens PLM Software.  For a majority of my time at Siemens, I worked in QA Tools as a full-stack web developer.  This experience has given me the ability to understand many of the complexities of web development.  It has also given me real world experience with databases and database design.  This experience will greatly aid me when working on this project.

I have many motivations for doing well in Senior Design and with this project.   My first motivation is to display what I have learned in my college career through this project.  Another major motivation of mine is to create a full multi platform application from start to finish.  What excites me most about this project is it is something that actually is useful that I could use myself. I’m also very excited to see what skills I am going use and learn during the course of this project.

The expected results are as follows. Firstly, the application will store itemized data from the user input. Secondly, the user would be able to search through their inputs to find the item or items that meet their search criteria. I will evaluate my contributions as follows. I will know if I am done with the project if it can pass all of my tests and is a usable and visually appealing application. Lastly, I will know if I have done a good job by how all of my assigned tasks having been completed and my team members being satisfied by my contribution.
